SIRENS WAIL
POLICE RADIO CHATTER
DOOR OPENS
Grace?
Grace.
She keeps asking for Mummy.
What do I tell her?
What can I possibly say?
How long have you known
the deceased?
♪ If you wanna run away with me
I know a galaxy
♪ And I can take you for a ride
♪ I had a premonition that
we fell into a rhythm
♪ Where the music don't stop
for life
♪ Glitter in the sky.
glitter in my eyes
♪ Shining just the way I like
♪ If you're feeling like
you need a little bit of company
♪ You met me at the perfect time
♪ You want me I want you. baby
♪ My sugar boo. I'm levitating
♪ The Milky Way. we're renegading
♪ Yeah—yeah—yeah—yeah
♪ I got you. moonlight
♪ You're my starlight
♪ I need you... ♪
SHE GASPS
SNAKE HISSES
ANNA PANTS
Well. I'm alive.
I nearly wasn't. Hm?
Another snake.
This time it was waiting for me.
with its beady eyes and its fangs.
Breakfast is peak feeding time.
yeah. so...
I hate you.
I told you. they're not venomous.
Well. not all of them.
Welcome to Australia.
This country's full of things
that can kill you.
And it's the last thing
I need today.
It's a terrible omen.
Yeah. how about a bit of this?
No. I can't.
Really? Jake! No.
I can't.
OK. she is a woman of a certain age.
She's confident. she's hip.
She's not afraid of a stripe.
Unless it's on a reptile.
Ha—ha.
She is the more serious type.
She's smart. stylish and.
yes. she's reserved
but the hint of glam
says she's anything but boring.
Well. she could never be boring.
Er...
Did you hear that? What?
Yeah. monsters are stirring. Jake.
Hey. Gracie.
Good morning.
It tickles. Yeah. but what does
Craig the Crocodile say?
It's wake up time.
It's wake up time. exactly.
Time to get up.
Is it today?
Is what today?
Is she coming today?
You like her. don't you?
Very much.
BABY GURGLES Hey. buddy.
Did Oliver need changing?
Oh. yeah. and a big one.
Like huger than that snake you...
OK. yes. Confident.
Hip. you're going smash it.
Anna... Is it. is it too soon?
We've been through this.
I know. I know. and I don't
mean to keep bringing it up.
This will be good for you. right?
For us.
Oh. I hope so. Hey. hey.
You remember what Dr Clarke said.
I am not my past.
New country. new life.
DOORBELL CHIMES Is that Becky?
You know. I think
she's got a fan already.
OK. I'd better make myself
presentable.
SHE SIGHS
MOBILE PHONE BUZZES
Hi. Hi. Come in.
Oh. thank you. You found us again.
Yeah. no problem.
Actually. this early in the day
it's quite an easy run. Oh.
Becky! Hi.
Oh. I love your PJs.
You remember Grace.
How can I forget?
Are we going to play hide and seek?
Yes. we are. if you're good and you
help me take care of your brother.
Hey. maybe later. Becky might want
to put her stuff in her room first.
Oh. it's fine. I can do that
later... Are you sure?
Yeah. I feel bad
I couldn't start earlier.
Oh. no. we are
just so grateful to have you.
Well. what needs doing?
Ah. well. my husband was just
about to start Oliver's breakfast.
Easy. That is one of his quirks.
He loves to start things. you know.
Finishing them...
Are we talking about
Oliver or Mr Fallmont?
Ah. first names please.
And it remains to be seen
whether it's genetic.
Well. I got this. so. go.
OK.
Oh.
SHE GASPS
Oh. my... Erm.
Mummy.
Can I plug this in?
I got trim the golden ash
around the side.
Can't you use the one in the garage?
No. it's broken.
OK. yeah. just plug it in here.
CooL
I'm so sorry. Give that to me.
Oh. erm. this is Liam.
Liam is our gardener. Part—time.
Hi. And he also helped us
unpack the house. This is Becky.
Becky is our wonderful new nanny.
So I see.
It's no use.
I'm really sorry.
Never mind.
Go glam or go home.
WATER RUNS
SHE CLEARS HER THROAT
I...
am not...
my past.
I saw you come for the interview.
I was going say hello.
Oh. why didn't you?
Wasn't sure if you'd take the job.
Well. they're a great family. Hi.
Yeah.
BABY GURGLES
MOBILE PHONE BUZZES
I'll walk you in today and
say g'day to Phil so we...
Did many other girls apply?
You're the only one I saw.
MUFFLED SHOUTING
There they go again.
I'll leave you to it.
MUFFLED ARGUMENT
Good boy.
Oh.
Grace? Grace?
Hey. don't play with that.
Come on. Come over here.
Do you want to draw me
a pretty picture?
MUFFLED ARGUMENT CONTINUES
Who are you messaging? My mother.
I'll be back in one sec. OK?
Why does message you so often?
Because she's worried about me.
She's worried about you.
Hey? I think this is faulty.
This is London all over again.
Becky!
Should. should I check on them?
You could.
OK. what aren't you telling me?
Liam.
Something's not right in this house.
If I were you.
I'd get out while you can.
Everyone OK? Yeah.
Yeah? OK. good.
Oof. Hey. sweetie.
Wow. that was...
Yeah. that was my fault.
It was so stupid.
I was doing my stretches and my hand
went straight through the... Jake.
Yeah.
Right. I'll. erm...
I'll call the glazier.
Hello. again. Hi.
Not quite the welcome
we were hoping for. It's all good.
Erm. OK. so let's go through
the kids' routines.
Yeah. of course.
Nap times again. Grace is easy.
I've put your name
on the list at nursery.
Ah. she means kind y.
Yeah. Kind y.
Erm. drop off is at 9.30.
Monday to Friday. pick up at three.
Oh. sugar. Erm. your keys.
What?
The kids' seats. I almost forgot.
Ta. Leave in ten. yeah?
Nap times. No. it's actually fine.
I wrote all this down
after the interview.
As long as I stay
away from blenders.
everything's under control.
GRACE GIGGLES
It doesn't matter that she saw.
Honey. you need to cut
yourself some slack... I'm trying.
It doesn't help I feel like half
a person. Anna. we've... It's true.
You got me this job.
You found the house.
You're picking up your old life.
I can't even get from A to B.
You'll drive again
when you're ready.
This. this is our life.
We came here to make a new start.
remember?
Put all that bad stuff behind us.
For you to be a whole person.
Mm.
Mia. Nutcracker.
Sophie. AFL.
Other way around.
There he is. Hello.
Thanks again for doing this. mate.
Oh. absolutely my pleasure.
Oh. yeah. thank you. Phil. OK.
I know I've been out of the
loop for a while and. erm.
maybe you do things
differently here. but...
I keep telling her we're not
some colonial backwater.
I don't mean it like that.
No. look. you'll get
the hang of it in no time.
Now. look. our IT guy
hasn't finished setting up
your computer yet. Oh. that's fine.
Is there something I can read?
Design briefs? Proposals?
Coming out of our ears.
I'll go get you some. Take a seat.
Oh. is that Sophie?
Grace wants to do ballet. too.
Oh. well we'll have to hook you up
with the local dance school.
No. she could go the other way.
like Mia. You never know.
I'll get you the proposals.
See? It's going to be great.
You are going to be great.
And who's this then. huh?
That's Craig.
Is he from kind y? Mm—hm. Yeah?
Oh. what's this?
Oh. I know this.
We had this in kind y. too.
Except mine was Wally the Wombat.
And you get to keep him for a week
and take him on an adventure.
Is that right? Mm—hm.
The mummies and the daddies get
a bit competitive with this. huh?
All right. come on.
We're going to get your socks on.
I can do it by myself.
Of course you can.
Hey. I'll just be one sec.
all right? OK.
What are you doing?
Looking for hiding places.
I thought we might play after kind y.
Yey! Come on. let's go.
KNOCK ON DOOR
Hey. Hi.
How are you settling in? Yeah.
The company's done some lovely work.
Yeah. well. if you can call
taco shells lovely. Oh!
Ah. You know.
when he moved to London.
we thought we'd lost him for good.
Gee. he's still a handsome devil.
He certainly is.
Hey. I'll. I'll leave you to it.
Oh. and if you need anything.
you know. just come find me.
Thank you.
PHONE CALLS OUT
ANSWER MESSAGE:
You've called Jake Fallmont.
Please leave a message.
Oh. hi. it's me.
It's the working girl.
I was just calling to fill you in
on my exciting new life.
PHONE RINGS OUT
Fallmont Blake.
Jake Fallmont's phone.
Oh. hi. is Jake there. please?
Ah. he's stepped out. sorry.
Oh. can I speak to his assistant?
I'm afraid she's stepped out too.
Would you like to leave a message?
Oh. erm. no.
No. no. that's fine.
Thank you. Thank you.
BABY MONITOR BLEEPS
LAWNMOWER HUMS
Hey.
You're still here.
I can't just quit.
Is there anything else you want
to give me the heads up on?
They've been at it
since the day they moved in.
What do they fight about?
All I know is it's fine one moment.
the next... Pow!
It could just be
the stress of moving countries.
So you take it out on the windows?
She's always on edge. Anna is?
Highly strung or something.
It's like he's on eggshells
around her.
I really don't mean to
freak you out. Oh. no.
Luckily. I don't freak out easy.
And she did forgive you for ruining
her dress. Oh. my God. I know.
Oh. I thought she was going
to fire me on the spot.
So maybe you don't need me
sticking my nose in.
Look. I'm really glad that you did.
But I really need this job.
So I got to tough it out.
Oh. and by the way. you're
the reason her dress got ruined.
BABY GURGLES OVER MONITOR
See ya.
Oh! Oh. sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I heard you settling him.
My adorable grandson.
I was. I was.
Hi. I'm. I'm Becky.
Hi. Cynthia. Jake's mother.
I hope you don't mind me
tidying up.
Oh. no. not at all. I was just about
to do it myself. actually.
I always say if you pick up every
day. it never gets to this.
Oh.
Oh. I. I'll take that.
Sorry about that.
So. you're from
Melbourne. originally?
Warrnambool. originally.
I'm a country girl.
Been with many families?
No. not that many.
Oh. of course. you must be just...
23.
Sometimes it must feel like
it's not just the children
you're looking after.
I'm not really sure what you mean.
It's quite soon for Anna
to be going back to work.
Jake says it'll be good for her.
but I worry.
Erm. let's just say...
if any difficulties arise.
if Anna gives you any
cause for concern...
call me.
Day or night.
Thanks.
How was your first day?
Yeah. it was good.
It was good.
Oh. they're lovely kids.
They are.
How was yours?
Ah. not as bad as I'd feared.
Or as challenging as I'd hoped.
Erm. have you eaten? Yeah.
With the kids.
Well. if it's OK.
I might go in my room. unpack.
maybe curl up with a book
or something. Of course.
COOL
Oh. Becky...
Thank you. Oh. it's fine.
Oh. no.
I. I had help tidying up today.
Yeah. Jake's mum was here.
Well. I actually came
out of the kids' room
and she was like in the house.
Really?
I think she just wanted to give
the new nanny the once over. though.
What exactly did she say?
MUFFLED: She just can't help
herself. can she?
Can we please not do this again?
I've been bending over backwards
since we got here.
trying to win her approval.
She means well.
She's an interfering old witch.
Trying to keep tabs.
Trying to get between us.
You've got to stop being
so paranoid.
She gave our nanny her phone number.
God knows what else she said.
She's just protective of them.
And I'm not? OK. I never said that.
MUFFLED SHOUTING CONTINUES
TOY SQUEAKS
Sorry.
No. it's all right.
I'll go back inside.
No. please. please stay.
Unless you want to go
and get yourself a glass.
Thanks. but I don't really drink.
Keeps me awake.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
I'd say something's doing
that already.
Sit down.
You must be wondering
what you've walked into.
It's none of my business.
Pill bottles flying
through the window.
The screaming matches.
Me sitting here crying in the dark.
Honestly. you don't have to explain.
It's fine.
It starts with the little things.
you know. the telltale signs.
Could be nothing?
Could be something?
Unanswered phone calls.
Meetings that aren't in the diary.
Mysterious bits of jewellery.
You know. when all those
little things add up.
and you've seen it before.
can you really
just... not say anything?
Jake cheated on me in London.
It nearly destroyed us.
And now I think he's doing it again.
Excuse me.
I never know how you eat that stuff.
Reminds me of my childhood.
Here you go. Gracie.
Yum.
Oh. how many more days do
we have Craig the Crocodile?
Three. Three.
Three? Did you hear that?
Well. we'd better get
onto those pictures. huh?
We'll beat all the other
mums and dads.
Hey. about last night.
Yeah. I was upset.
I overshared. drank too much.
Honestly. I'm just glad you feel
like you can trust me. It's fine.
And for the record.
Jake denies ever cheating.
Sometimes. sometimes I believe him.
I think.
Is there anything
I can do to help. or...?
You are already helping
just by being here.
And you know. going back to work.
I guess that's playing into it.
Yeah. Well. I admire you for it.
I spend half of my day
racked with guilt.
But we are trying to do things
differently this time.
Anyway. look. just forget about it.
Forget that I said anything. OK.
You know. it was hearing that
Cynthia had been here.
Aside from missing this.
she was my one big reservation
about moving to Australia.
Nothing like a mother—in—law
who thinks that you're crazy
and a danger to your own kids.
What? A danger?
Like I said. just.
just forget about it.
What's this?
SIRENS WAIL
TIRES SQUEAL
Sorry I'm running so late.
I need to ban clients
from calling me this early.
Phew.
You good?
Yeah.
ANSWER MESSAGE:
You've called Jake Fallmont.
Please leave a message.
PHONE RINGS OUT
Fallmont Blake.
Jake Fallmont's phone.
Oh. hi. is Jake there please?
No. sorry. he's just stepped out.
Would you like to leave a mess...?
HORN BLARES
I can't park here for long.
It's OK.
Just a few more minutes.
Can you do something for me?
Well. there is no car with that
number plate in the street
or in the car park.
Would you like me to take you back?
Thank you.
Can I get your number
so that I can book you again?
Is that a thing here?
Mm. well. I've got a card.
I've got a thousand of them.
actually. Thank you.
Ray.
RADIO: It's a pleasant
26 degrees here in Melbourne...
He's my husband.
And the attractive young lady?
His assistant.
We've been here 30 minutes.
I'm sorry.
Just a little bit longer.
MOBILE PHONE RINGS One sec.
Hey. how's it going? Good.
Busy.
How's your afternoon looking?
Oh. it's crazy. Back—to—back.
I'll be out of contact
for most of the day.
What's up? Erm...
I wanted to buy Phil a bottle
of wine just to say thank you.
I'm sure he's not expecting
anything.
Does he prefer red or white?
He is a red man.
Pick you up at the same time?
I'll see you then. OK. bye. Bye.
Ah... Oh. wow.
How rude.
No problem.
I'm right. aren't I?
I'm not losing my mind.
You take Craig and his baby.
and I'll be back in a sec. OK?
Hi. Hi.
Is everything all right?
No.
Where's Jake?
Oh. he's gone to play squash.
At least that's where
he says he's gone.
He's always messaging someone.
Who?
If I ask. he'll say it's his mother.
But then who messages their mother
at two o'clock in the morning?
I've seen the name come up — Mummy.
It was the same in England.
I suppose he thought it was
the perfect cover.
OK. yeah. New country. new woman.
They're never at the office
when I call.
God. it's such a cliche. isn't it?
I mean. his secretary.
They have lunch together. Becky.
practically every day.
Head off in his car to some
obscenely expensive restaurant
or. or who am I kidding?
Some sleazy hotel.
I've been getting a car
to drive past the office
and I've seen it with my own eyes.
God. I hate how it makes me feel.
And I hate to think what might
happen this time.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry. I said I
wouldn't put you in this position.
and here I am. doing it again.
No. it's fine. it's OK...
No... really. it is. No.
No. it's really not.
You go.
I want to see the kids.
Hi.
Look. I might be completely
out of line here...
but if you're positive
that it's his secretary.
and he denies it...
Caroline.
Do you remember me?
Of course. Anna.
That's right. Jake's wife.
That's right. We met at drinks.
Why are you here?
Is that a problem for you?
No. I just thought
you'd be at your own work.
Oh. I bet you did.
And like I said. I'm Jake's wife.
And as his wife.
I would like to know where it is
that you two go each lunchtime.
I'm sorry?
Oh. I think you heard me.
It's a simple question.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
You know exactly what I'm
talking about!
Ugh!
I'm surprised that
you're not missing this.
What?
WHISPERS: Every lunchtime.
Pathetically and predictably.
for an hour—and—a—half.
you are fucking my husband!
That's not true. I've seen you!
All the private smiles and the way
he opens the car door for you.
No. no. no. no. No. he's
dropping me at my Pilates class.
Pilates? Yes.
He drops me at my Pilates class.
and then I walk back.
Ask the instructor
if you don't believe me!
It's on his way. On his way where?
I'm not interested in your husband.
And that's not my bracelet. either.
Anna.
What the fuck?
Are you going to explain. or are
you just not going to talk to me?
Who does it belong to. Jake.
and why was it in your car?!
I don't know.
Well. it's not Caroline's.
Well. it's one of
the paralegals. maybe.
You do realise I drive
people around all the time.
Where is it? You still haven't told
me where it is you go at lunchtime.
Where do I go when
you're stalking my office?
This past week.
Tuesday. Wednesday. yesterday.
I've been taking these.
I just had them printed.
as a present for Grace.
so she could outdo the other kids.
Thought we could put
them in the album together.
You took these?
I am so sorry.
You should be.
Oh. Jake. I am genuinely.
deeply. so. so sorry.
—
...
thought...
Yeah. I know exactly
what you thought!
Well. it's just when I feel
like you're being secretive...
It's all in your head!
Anna. just like it was in London.
Well. I haven't been
taking my medication.
and when I stop. then I
can't think straight.
Why aren't you taking them?!
Because I don't want
to be reliant on them.
And because I wanted this
to be our fresh start.
Yeah. well. you know.
hell of a fresh start.
I didn't ask you
about it sooner because...
I suppose I was keeping it
as some kind of evidence
that I could use against you.
I kept it in my jewellery box.
How twisted is that?
Ask around at work
and find out who it belongs to.
Hey...
I started taking
my medication again.
I know that I need it.
Please forgive me.
Let's move on. huh?
Put it behind us. Thank you.
Thank you!
SHE SIGHS
I've got a plan.
I'll talk Anna into
moving to Australia.
But what about us?
You'll come too.
And we'll give you
a reason to move in
while I work on
getting full custody.
You'll see why we need
to protect the kids from her.
We'll grab moments when we can.
It just seems so risky.
There is nothing we can't work out.
It's definitely my bracelet.
I must have dropped it when you
picked me up from the airport.
Well. we'll have to be more careful.
She thinks you're on with Caroline.
and she wants my advice.
Tell her to confront her.
Yep. that'll work for us.
But she's seen you
leave work together.
How are you going to
explain where you go?
How well do you know the city?
You took these?
I am so sorry.
Hell of a fresh start.
And when she unravels again.
and we know she will.
she'll have no hope of taking
the kids back to the UK.
I'll divorce her.
She'll be gone.
and we'll be together.
Well. you're the evil
temptress. aren't you?
Would you mind documenting
everything that happened
with Anna the other day?
I pushed him too far.
same as I always do.
How could she be so reckless?
Does she realise
how serious this is?
Leave Anna to me.
You should go to the beach house.
both of you. Make a day of it.
Oh. my God. Look at this view.
Ooh. Are you all right?
Jake. help!